README.md, before:

# Personal_Portfolio
 My personal portfolio project where I showcase my skills in JavaScript, HTML & CSS

# About the page
 You will find a simple sleek design, with some interesting features, allowing you to see what I am good at
 You will see ways to contact me, view the projects I have competed as well as an about me section. 

# What is implimented? 
 *live form validation
 *connection to an external API and implementing a real time peer to peer messaging platform
 *backend server side execution through node.js for receiving data
 *many cool features to animate dynamically, and provide a fun accessible way to communicate

# dependencies 
 *Chrome 49 or later, 
 *Firefox 52 or later, 
 *Safari 9 or later, 
 *Internet Explorer 11 or later

 Javascript enabled on your browser, and the link!! 
 https://ryanlarge13.github.io/Personal_Portfolio/
 --View the website by a click and give some feed back! Don't forget to run through some of the code

# link to API
 https://docs.agora.io/en/Real-time-Messaging/messaging_web?platform=Web

# Starting up a chat
 1. You will be prompted to input a name and a channel
 2. The name field is not required and a random ID will be assigned to you if it is not filled out
 3. The channel input is required. 
   - A channel name can be ANYTHING, a name or a number. 
   - Creating a new private channel or joining depends on what you name it. 
       - It is recommended to use numbers and letters. If a channel is already in use, you will join it. If not, a new one will be created
 4. You're in! Invite friends with your channel name! 
 5. To leave type: Leave chat and you will be prompted with a conformation. 


 #I HOPE YOU LOVE IT!

Commit message:

Creating contact form
Added in a js file for contact section and created the basic form to get in touch.

Included a server into project with node,js and implemented serving of the index.html file on port 8080

General updates to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Personal_Portfolio
 My personal portfolio project where I showcase my skills in JavaScript, Node.js, HTML & CSS

# About the page
 You will find a simple sleek design, with some interesting features, allowing you to see what I am good at
 You will see ways to contact me, view the projects I have completed as well as an about me section. 

# What is implimented? 
 *live form validation
 *connection to an external API and implementing a real time peer to peer messaging platform
 *backend server side execution through node.js for receiving data
 *many cool features to animate dynamically, and provide a fun accessible way to communicate

# Dependencies 
For You:
 *Chrome 49 or later, 
 *Firefox 52 or later, 
 *Safari 9 or later, 
 *Internet Explorer 11 or later

For App:
 *body-parser": "^1.20.0",
 *express": "^4.18.1",
 *mongodb": "^4.8.1",
 *morgan": "^1.10.0",
 *mysql": "^2.18.1",
 *path: "^0.12.7",
 *uuid: ^8.3.2

 Javascript enabled on your browser, and the link!! 
 https://ryanlarge13.github.io/Personal_Portfolio/
 --View the website by a click and give some feed back! Don't forget to run through some of the code

# Link to AgoraRTM API
 https://docs.agora.io/en/Real-time-Messaging/messaging_web?platform=Web

# Starting up a chat
 1. You will be prompted to input a name and a channel
 2. The name field is not required and a random ID will be assigned to you if it is not filled out
 3. The channel input is also not required. 
   - A channel name && a username can be ANYTHING, a name or a number (all special characters are welcomed). 
   - Creating a new private channel or joining depends on what you name it. 
       - It is recommended to use numbers and letters. If a channel is already in use, you will join it. If not, a new one will be created.
       - If the channel input is ommitted, you will automatically join the 'main' channel.
 4. You're in! Invite friends with your channel name! 
 5. To leave type: "Leave chat" and you will be prompted with a conformation. 


 #I HOPE YOU LOVE IT!
